
what is GIT?

Git is (distributed version control system).
open-source version control software, used for managing and tracking file revisions. 
You can use Git with any file type, 
but it’s most often used for tracking code files.
Example: I have create html file later on changes as made same file so that i can track file and update.

What is GitHub?
GitHub is a website which is used to store, host, share your code
and can clone the project.
GitHub can save your code online.
GitHub will allow all the developers of a project to see what changes the other one has made.
It allows you to discuss issues in your code with other developers.

The process of GIT is shown below:

First download and install Git and verify it by "git -v"
Second goto github.com and create an account by signup. create a repository also
1. In vscode left side--> accounts ->sign in--> choose github
 and it will open browser and github login screen , 
 enter username,password--> login-->authorize-->it will redirect to vscode

Actual Process:
open terminal---> new terminal--> goto specific folder
1. git init  - it will initiate git into your folder
2. git add . -- it will add all the files into git 
3. git commit -m "update" - it will commit your git and added a message update

First time you may end up git config errors.like this.

git config --global user.email "you@example.com"
git config --global user.name "Your Name"

to set your account's default identity.
Omit --global to set the identity only in this repository.

fatal: unable to auto-detect email address (got 'Lenovo@SERVER.(none)')  

 to solve it do following commands

git config --global user.email "your email id"
git config --global user.name "username"

After this try git add . and git commit -m "update" again.
4. git remote add origin "link"
5. git push -u origin main

After Push ur code changes to github you see Code option under MAIN Branch. 
if you want pull others latest code changes to your  
6.git fectch --all or git pull origin main
7 using git status cammand you can check all latest code available or not.